I feel like this is a trick question I'm
really scared right now what is up guys
karma medic here it's a really nice
sunny day on campus everybody is out and
chillin on the grass I thought I'd go
walk around and interview a couple of
people asking them questions about
university life social life academics
couple cheeky questions as well this is
gonna be a good break for me from my
revision hope you guys enjoy I'm joined
today by I mean Kenji ah hello Daniel
Daniel sure here and Katerina and I've
got a couple of questions for you guys
about university of life
how many lectures have you skipped this
year hmm I would say I have attended if
I'm being perfectly honest I think
that's actually zero zero between 50 to
70% most lectures so attendance quite
good schools of sleep social life and
grades you can only pick two so what do
you guys choose grades because I'm here
for a reason
I respect sleep has to be sacrificed you
do it I agree sacrifice yeah I mean
sleep is like first I can get away with
about five or six hours tend to
prioritize work during exam time and
then for the rest of the year just tend
to go friends and things like that
okay um sleep in social life you keep
sleep and socialize yeah what about
grades grades come in third year when
it's a hill I'm Kenji as far as I know
both single hot men can you tell me a
little bit about what the dating scene
is like a university which like we do
their city goes oh I'd say pretty more
actually mine your library do you think
I mean the moon is a very quiet place
and you get a lot of work done there
because it's strand ease by for jokes
aside new hunts house during revision
period
especially sunny guys campus with like
an extra freedom extra freedom in the
yeah I like the bigger campus traveling
a bit more there's always someone to
talk to
there's a lot going on I never bored
whether I'm revising or going out you'll
come across someone that you know and
you can have a chat as everyone's got
something different to say I guess I
miss like knowing what you're doing all
the time so everything set out drink
lots of water and they drink alcohol
again I got this question and he uses
English slang which I'm not the most
familiar with that you guys will know
but the question says what's the T on
freshers what's the T on freshers do you
know what this means the first question
I have for you is what was the biggest
difference for you between high school
and university right let's say like you
have to manage your own time a lot
better
poorly most of the it's yeah it's just
when there's a deadline everybody drives
me but outside of that probably don't do
it as other you realize how
independent you have to be because of
school your spoon-fed a lot of stuff my
teachers you get told like to do this
work this will help you out for the
university I mean you don't have to get
electricity they're like registers or
anything so you've got most of it
yourself to go just getting used to
living alone yeah so you got to cook for
yourself clean everything I do now
probably like five one I would say I'm
less of a takeout person and more of
like go to Tesco and get a meal
nice what is your favorite meal deal
combo iced coffee
no mayo chicken tikka sandwich and
popcorn pull Mayo sandwich okay paprika
Walkers crisps and then some orange
juice mints more instructing your oj you
guys deal with burnout and stress our
University
mr. me personally I've joined all my
other friends and going to gym nice way
to you know burn off the excess earnings
you have clear your head as well and
also we come out here and the gross and
guys campus sort of sit around get some
sunshine and chats are friends yeah yeah
I'd say during the year I typically be
stressed by playing football and then
during exam time I'd tend to go outside
go get food go hang out with friends
when you open your phone what's the
first app that you can possibly touch
yeah Instagram show around it's gonna I
totally probably Instagram you guys some
months of the year have 31 days some
months have 30 days how many months in
the year have 28 days I feel like this
is a trick question I'm really scared
right now
technically February 1 so before here no
yeah no sorry yeah it's it's just
favorite yeah how many months have 28
days yeah if there's a leap year one
what if it's not a leap year that's
right I know your answer why is it
see I knew was a trick question anything
you guys want to comment like subscribe
subscribe to NASA's channel if you
haven't done already great shadows
gonna get into medicine follow this guy
he'll get you in shoutout comma medic
bizarre